Oh, sorry. Yes, please. The year that Douglas was 75, he came to us in Bulgaria for a holiday. And during that time we went on seminar with the whole Bulgarian collective to the Black Sea and we stayed there for about four or five days.
And during that time, knowing that this was probably June, July, something like that, and knowing that his birthday would be in November, I went round to all the people in the collective to ask them to say something that they felt about Douglas and I would record it.
And there's a picture of me taking, I think a couple are singing Happy Birthday to him in English with a strong Bulgarian accent. And he's walking behind them to go to the car.
He didn't realize what was going on at all. And so it's really funny when you play it back and you see them singing Happy Birthday and he's walking behind them.
Can you post all this? Ah, you cannot. How can you post this video?
She's going to do it next time, Breschner.
Okay, then so.
And there are lots of testimonials of English ones. The one about the one that Mark said about when he and Douglas tested whether someone could be woken up by their own snoring.
It was me that said that actually.
It sounded like Mark.
The biggest thing just to mention is that if anyone, anywhere in the world is wondering anything about him, when they put their attention on him, they feel better. And that's the main thing because people will say, who is he or whatever, when, when they put their
attention on him, they feel better. So then that's, that's the answer. Yeah.